As far as I'm concerned, perhaps the end of it, and I can continue with the busy duties
of the Secretary of the Army without further thought until the time comes when, for actually
leaving on the trip, all for the preparation of the remarks that I'm going to make.
In the meanwhile, Mr. Wittles, we'll have this batch little memorandum to appropriate
members of the staff to begin to implement the five points which I've just outlined.
Having done that, each file is notes away, and that's the end.
But each is on the telephone in the manner I have just installed.
What is this telephone conversation between the UN Senator McCarty as of November 7th,
and the UN Senator McCarty has been appointed to the UN Senator McCarty.
Mr. Rufus was on the line.
I have the alleged use of statements from your recollection now that not in these
monitors that record the tenor of that conversation.
Mr. Chairman, your final name is Mr. Wittles.
I'm not asking for the monitor report now, Mr. Wittles.
I'm asking him to tell what was said, whether it was monitored or whether it was reported.
Mr. Chairman, that's how back it.
Mr. Chairman, I think we may still have a few more questions.
Mr. Chairman, I think we may still have to face the legal decision.
I think it could be handled without difficulty, but we don't face it at this point.
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Well, Senator McCarty, for all of the questions that I have just received.
The day after the luncheon and my office, and he asked me if everything is all right.
And I said yes, we have, and I thank him.
He said he went on there to discuss David Sean and said that he did not want David Sean
to sign back to this committee.
That is he is committee. That's right.
Well, as I have never had any intention of signing David Sean, but to this committee, once he was inducted into the army,
there was no follow.
My mind, in that particular way, if he would not sign back to the committee, Senator McCarty, gave some reason.
Mr. Wai, he felt that way.
Which added up to raising a question in my mind, as to just now important, Mr. Sean was to the committee.
Mr. Chairman, I'm a follow-up reporter.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Mr. Chairman, you have the fact that, for each of the members of the committee, getting a certain time across the examines,
and before I have a chance to tell him the secretary, I think in turn, the secretary should be asked to give me reasons that I gave him,
namely that it would be that he was proper.
Just not in the member committee. He is left in for now that I have asked to say to sign up the assigned committee.
Mr. Chairman, please, Mr. Chairman. He has left in for now that I have to say it not for the assigned committee.
Mr. Chairman, I have to finish my sentence. Mr. Chairman, if you have your opportunity to sign up the next those very questions,
and I take the position of saying on the committee, which is now making statement of the vice committee.
And, for this time, I will then be the long example of Secretary of State.
Probably, we are expected to very things, as the saying goes, mentioned that many will have his opportunity, and have the objective, so say much like being in public, and if they might.
We ask the judges to be able to counsel the whole with objection, whether I finish my sentence.
The rest are the few, if you have any point of order, then we will have the meeting ready for the order.
The Secretary of State, I will go left in person, when I ask the sign up the assigned committee, because of some incongruence on the protest sign, I ask the council, and then I send council to the committee.
I wish council would take care of the whole of the black, and make it very clear that the only way to map in that will sign sign of the committee will be because I told him it will be uncomfortable and interpretable for some of orders.
The committee will ask the question right now, so the reason I, the lawyer, is that one of the sign is that people will know that it's more or less better for the lawyer to examine those victims, and I just think it would be completely unfair, and it's just not possible.
The committee will ask the council to have the show this afternoon, he expects to do that.
And you will know probably there will be people who have covered the House in the evening.
Now you, the committee, could I secure up your list that I think an orderly procedure would be to clearly go ahead and ask the Monitored telephone conversation placed in evidence.
May I ask if you have now stated from your recollection regardless of any monitor for CD, the first conversation that has been used by Senator McCarthy on November 7th, if not proceed to do so.
And may I say Mr. Chairman, I appreciate that.
The one thing that I don't want to do is to create any impression, unfurled anybody.
I'm sure if you would have moved your notes on the reason I have wanted to get all of that.
But when you are searching your memory and trying to testify over at some point, I guess a human thought I will not do so intentionally.
I will put the facts out here on the table, get out and defend as far as I know.
Now vote for us, three, three, two, one.
I have not finished my statement, but I was going to wrap this, but you've been as key so now.
I was going to say that Senator McCarthy did say that he thought this would be misinterpreted the real plan of David Shaw in the committee.
He thought it would be misinterpreted and would be bad for me.
If I have any reflection in my recollection as I'm finally called on David Shaw and what I took previously, I did not intend to do that.
I intended it merely in my efforts to get the facts before it came in.
Now in that conversation, Senator McCarthy said that one of the few things that he had trouble with Mr. Cohen about was David Shaw.
He said that.
Senator McCarthy said that he thought a few weeks ago for David Shaw might be a lane.
I will wait for that effect.
But I'm not going to serve.
Taking care of David Shaw might be a good one.
Now vote for us, six, five, nine, nine.
Mr. Jenkins, then, about to ask the above.
The following question is, you will call it the conversation between you and some of the judges at the end.
If you can still use that conversation with Monica, I said that Mr. Lucas was on the wire.
Do you have a record that makes Mr. Lucas about conversation?
I have no question, Mr. Wells, I have had to be in.
I have no record, made by Mr. McGrillin.
Okay, monitor of that conversation.
Well, as you're going to monitor, Mr. Jenkins, I do not wish to keep the monitors telephone conversation out of this hearing.
I only want the proper legal set up made so that it can go in as I do with them all, which I have discussed with you.
And I think we're at that point.
As you know, Mr. Jenkins, a special subpoena, was served on Mr. Stevens, required him to bring among other things this monitored conversation.
In response to that subpoena, which I wish placed in the record, at this point, he has found the monitored conversation to this room.
In any meeting of another committee, I put some of your signings in West Pazin.
It was that it was that there were such monitored conversations, so that their existence is not actually a secret.
It follows that there are in this room, isn't this room a transcription of this of the North, Mr. Lucas, made.
There have been some of the rest of the scenes which I wish to be made a part of the record.
And if this committee votes, that Mr. Stevens must produce and disclose, he is prepared to do so.
But I ask that he have the protection both of the subpoena and of a committee vote, ordering him to produce.
As you can understand, you raised the point of order that before the notes are produced, and you're introduced to your elected vote by the committee.
We are dealing with the federal communications act, which puts certain restrictions on monitored telephone calls.
And I think mine is that no army man makes properly produced these unless they committee of this then that orders him to do so.
As you can understand, you have raised the point of order that before producing the notes, you would like to have a vote by the committee.
That is precisely correct.
I am allies with the committee to make a vote, which is not on the other side of this monitor, for the prescription of it.
Together with the original child health, shouting for peace to the committee for its function.
I think that the council should first develop further in the secretary had a favorable transcript of the telephone conversation.
I think otherwise impossible for the committee to intelligently decide whether or not to be in this conversation to be quite a recommend, so that I think it's one of those.
I think that the committee, which is not on the other side of this monitor, is not on the other side of the monitor, is not on the other side of the monitor.
The government just stops the senators as those they can proper up to the time of the monitor in the secretary.
The general is a fine of order please and I will go ahead.
I think it's a big limitation in proper to take a recording of like conversations about monitoring the purpose of the other end.
The cabinet has made enough information as it is.
That's why I think that the cabinet is just a part of the committee.
I think that the point of order is there.
May I do it with an opinion?
Why didn't you find a way?
If one of order is there, the point of order.
I think it's completely in power.
Does that start at night?
In the evening, I'm about to report a conversation with a little bit of the person the other end.
I just need to move the conversation this stage.
I shall have it.
If it is, if it is, it's a very high upholstery.
I'll follow you by the way.
If you follow me, what I have, if I have a little bit of respect you can't get.
That you might have a little bit of respect you know the other end.
I'll finish with the camera.
We're going to be doing what I'm planning this morning.
I think I'm about to do those important points.
Please, my lover.
This is the recollection.
I'll sign in the ledger.
I'll drop the car and move to go out.
If it really consists of rules that he may add another word on the car again,
then I think it's enough to let it go.
This is a little bit inconsistent, but I will move on to one of the other words.
I know that we only ask if he's in touch with us.
The charges are on the car.
Just throw it up to me now.
Gerald, I'll follow you by the way.
He comes so well, interrogating the citizens as to whether or not he has.
He tries to get to be good.
Mr. Cannon, could I say a word?
You may be, Mr. Swell.
Mr. Jenkins, for he understands that some lot is difficult for a little question here,
and with extreme courtesy, he did not interview Mr. Lucas.
Who took the note?
He did not ask to see his notebook.
He has merely assumed that there is a transcription now in this room,
for which the committee has a call with the wishes.
I have not...
Anything else to say except the transcription is here,
and that it is devoid of it, it can be produced or testified about,
unless and on sale is committed to both that you want it.
You share a view that before asking the committee to vote,
you want to find out whether or not there is actually a transcript
of the conversation, doesn't it?
We will be finding out hours to have the consult,
interrogate the secretary on that point of view.
Do you have a sign description of that conversation?
But I hear that question, Brad.
He will be here.
Repart your own answer.
Yes, my room is made.
I must look.
Where is Mr. Lucas?
He's here.
A little above.
Yes, sir, he's up here in my house.
I have a little left at the end of the room.
I'm at that.
Have you read it?
Yes, sir.
Don't go there and talk.
Yes, sir, he's up here in my house.
Who is that transcript?
I'm at that.
Have you read it?
Yes, sir.
Dave Robert and Bob.
That transcription was made from memory.
Our Robert and Bob, it was made from notes.
Take them after time and simultaneously with this conversation.
It was made from shorthand notes taken at the time of the conversation.
And you say you have read it?
Yes, he is very well.
Yes, and I'm accurate.
Where did you report your conversation with Senator McCarty?
I was saved by this.
Mr. Chairman.
Senator McCarty?
Again, in this way, I think it's early that Robert and...
Recording a list of conversations, we should put in the record.
But I think it should not put in the record.
And you'll let the Lucas that's here in the room.
And swear, it contains everything that is said.
And as a group, the group actor says,
if that is on, I think it should be put in the record.
I don't think Mr. C.
I don't know.
Mr. Moore, questions from you.
Mr. Aburn.
Shadow off, all of us at the library.
We will have Mr. Aburn and testify before introducing the transcript.
I can see that in my opinion Senator McCarty is in trial, right?
Correct the body?
It is now practically adjourning, Dave.
May I suggest the meeting now be adjourned.
And that Mr. Stovans stand beside a superman
and Mr. Lucas, we put all of that back.
May we have a recess and a two-hours meeting?
From Washington, the ABC Radio Network has been bringing you.
The block gas, non-the-C block gas,
the investigation, the very controversial,
no-hold-squared investigation between Senator McCarty and the Army.
And Senator Munt has just called a recess somewhat earlier and usual.
And the hearings until this afternoon,
now 12.25, Washington on time, eastern standard time.
And the hearings are to take up again this afternoon,
at 2.30 in two hours and five minutes from now.
The testimony in the last half-hour
developed one of the controversial points in the hearings.
They devoted to a telephone conversation
which took place between the Secretary of the Army, Mr. Stovans,
and Senator McCarty on the date of November 7.
It was a telephone conversation that had been discussed previously
and the Army's charges, first charges against Senator McCarty,
in which it was said that he had made certain statements about David Shine,
and also about his counsel Roy Cohn,
supposedly, according to the early charges that were made,
Senator McCarty had made certain remarks about Mr. Cohn.
And he didn't want Mr. Cohn to know
of some of his comments that he, the senator,
did not want Roy Cohn to know some of the comments
that he was making about David Shine.
In other words, he wasn't so anxious to take care of Shine as had been stated before.
Well, at any rate, whether this conversation is to go under the record or not,
or because quite a little bit of discussion here,
all involved a legal point under the federal communications laws,
a monitored phone conversation may not be made public,
unless the person who had that conversation was held admits that,
or admits that to be done.
In this case, Mr. Joseph Welch, the attorney from Boston,
who is acting as the special counsel for the Army,
insists that the committee, the investigating subcommittee,
under the chairmanship of Senator Munt,
should vote that this monitored conversation be permitted to come into the record,
and that the subpoena, which was served for that,
also be put in the record.
All of which will make the matter quite legal
and so far as the secretary of the Army and Mr. Stevens is concerned.
And as you were, Senator McCarty has interrupted on this point,
saying that he wants to be sure that it's not just a conversation based on memory,
based on notes that were made from memory later.
And as the secretary explained, this was a conversation that was monitored
in his outer office by a Mr. Lucas, a civil servant,
whose job it is to listen in on telephone conversations for the secretary
to make notes there upon.
The secretary testified that it is a monitored conversation,
not from memory, but from shorthand notes that were made by Secretary Stevens.
Mr. McCarty has interrupted to insist that Mr. Lucas himself is still a clerk
in Secretary Stevens' office, be called here,
to testify that it is an accurate transcript.
So with all of us very elaborate legal discussion over the point,
testimony of the hearing is being recessed until this afternoon,
when I will be taken up again and obviously Mr. Lucas will be brought here.
Now all the testimony this morning has been a questioning,
cross examination of Mr. Stevens.
Yesterday, and the closing hours of the session, the secretary of the Army,
read a very long detailed statement making certain charges against Senator McCarty
and his aides of undo pressure.
Thank you.